Russ!

Hey sorry for the confusion here .. to cut to the chase here, the database upgrade you had us do to accommodate your requests for a fully scaleable and fully editable database (where there was no longer any 'FIXED' data .. as the original 93 fields .. but now EVERYTHING could be edited) made it impossible for a simple two dimensional spreadsheet to process this data .. this processing and 'matrixing' can only be done in a database and is absolutely impossible to do in a simple two-dimensional spreadsheet.

The last time we upgraded the database Rich and I both through email and especially Rich on the phone with you (twice I believe) made it crystal clear that the use of the master spreadsheet was being replaced by multiple spreadsheets. The reasons we gave were thoroughly outlined and Rich's replies to you today also pretty nicely explained to you through iterations we went through from master spreadsheet to the use a a few spreadsheets instead when we were updating the database a while back.

Based on your requests to update the database with it's added capabilities, the 'core logic' had to be rewritten. As a rough analogy, the master spreadsheet was a two-dimensional array of data where everything was pretty much in a 1:1 correspondence with 'fixed fields'. However, when you requested we give you more capability to edit EVERYTHING where fields were no longer fixed but now editable, the 'array' of relational data went from 'two dimensional' to ASTRONOMICAL so to speak - it became 'multidimensional' where simple 1:1 correspondence of simple data is IMPOSSIBLE IN A SPREADSHEET and has to be handled by a database. It's literally impossible for a simple spreadsheet to simultaneously handle a multidimensional array of data this way. You'd need a supercomputer using a 'virtual' spreadsheet to accomplish this basically. Super stores like Amazon or Ebay know this and don't store the entirety of their information on spreadsheets for processing .. it's IMPOSSIBLE and a database has to do this .. it's the only way.

So to accommodate your requests to have the entire database be completely editable (it's a very powerful database now, capable of anything), the master spreadsheet was replaced by the few multiple spreadsheets, listed by player position. IN OTHER WORDS, THE MATRIXING INCAPABILITY OF A SINGLE SPREADSHEET TO HANDLE CHANGING MULTIPLE FIELDS WAS MADE CAPABLE BY MULTIPLE SPREADSHEETS. You can populate those spreadsheets with all your data, and upload them just the same. The master spreadsheet is only available as something to look at to view all the data at once .. that's it. The only difference between using a master spreadsheet and using a few spreadsheet instead is perhaps a minute longer of upload time .. or toggling from one spreadsheet to another.

-
The following is what Rich wrote me concerning details of the database and spreadsheet:

For the database upgrade one of the things (among many) you wanted was a change over so that you could isolate player statistics (hide the ones not applicable to a position in the create/edit forms).
 
Once again, the reason for multiple spreadsheets is because if there is one big spreadsheet there is nothing there that can make an association between a statistic and whether or not it belongs to a player position. So if you add a new column - WHAT position does it go to? You cannot make that association in a spreadsheet, let alone look at a spreadsheet and know that a particular statistic belongs to 10 or 15 different positions and not the other remaining positions.
 
IT IS EXACTLY FOR THAT REASON THAT THIS (DATA ASSOCIATIONS .. WHICH YOU NEED TO DO) HAS TO BE DONE ON THE DATABASE SIDE. IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO ACCOMPLISH IN A SPREADSHEET THAT IS. That's why Amazon and every other website in existence doesn't use spreadsheets for storing information.

Therefore, if you want a single spreadsheet to work off of the entire system would have to be re-written. THE FOLLOWING IS WHAT YOU WILL LOSE IF YOU GO BACK TO A SINGLE SPREADSHEET (HUGE LOSE OF CAPABILITY):
 
Since there is no ability to link stats with positions in a spreadsheet - all that functionality will be GONE.
 
Since there is no ability to link stats to positions in a spreadsheet, then it is also an ALL OR NOTHING situation when editing/creating players - new and existing.
 
When creating a new player - he will have all 100+ fields because the application won't know what statistic belongs to what position since its spreadsheet driven and spreadsheets cannot make that distinction.  IT IS LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO DO.
 
When editing a player, either I show every stat there is or I only show what the player currently has, which means if you want to go into the backend and update a stat value for a player - and that player did not have a value in the spreadsheet for that stat - that statistic will be not be present in the edit player form because there is nothing in the spreadsheet to say that this stat belongs with that position.  
 
So either you get all 100+ fields or only get ones that have values in the spreadsheet when editing players in the backend, and regardless of that you will have all 100+ fields when creating a new player.
 
There will not be an ability to create new stats in the backend.  There will not be any ability to link stats to positions in the backend, since the spreadsheet controls that.  
 
There will not be an ability to create new player positions in the backend, because the spreadsheet controls it.
 
There will not be an ability to edit player positions in the backend because the spreadsheet controls it.
 
If you misspell a player position (quartrback instead of quaterback) - there will now be two positions - quarterback and quartrback - because the spreadsheet would be in charge of configuration and not the database.
 
Local storage will be gone.
 
You will also have to deal with a spreadsheet being 60 feet wide over time.

So in short, you will basically not be able to edit the database if you want to add a new stat or field .. the CORE LOGIC WOULD HAVE TO BE REWRITTEN EVERYTIME YOU'D WANT TO CHANGE OR EDIT FIELDS. This is why having a completely EDITABLE database is FAR SUPERIOR. To make all this possible, you only need to use a few spreadsheets instead of one, otherwise you will not have any database editing capabilities.

We know you don't think like a programmer, so we apologize for any miscommunication. But we feel the database we created for you is VERY powerful with full editing capabilities at your fingertips .. far far superior than a database that had 93 fixed fields as it originally had.

