LOGIN

godaddy login:
pass

Plesk login:
pass

(old login was pass)

-
hernandezroof.com

50.62.168.152
pass

LOGGED IN 5:15 am Feb 17 2015
-




-
jan 9 2015

Roof brand

Points of separation .. new vs dinosoar and competition

1) Technology
2) Real time communication
3) Closed loop .. finishibg work of need .. confirming done
4) Increase visibility, asset management

Connect Wed jan 14 2015 on art direction (AD):

1) 10 flat design models
2) AD includes 4 bullet point concepts to visual design of logo, illustrations of background or icons, max 4 colors palette
3) Hernandez Roofing in there

--
icons

1) drone
2) signal
3) closed loop
4) not sure

LOGO was thinking of eagle or something in the air overlooking everything with drone, signal, closed loop and not sure .. a logo that embodies all this.

* 10 or so model flat design sites that come right out of Silicon Valley .. designed to attract funding. Find those 'start up monitoring' sites. Other 'startup monitoring' sites too, like from the UK, and elsewhere in USA (but not partial to SV.)

-
business proposal

$4000+

hours
branding $2500
coding $1500

list all that comes with it
app integration
all illustrations, icons from scratch (no purchased icons sets)






-
jan 28 2015

1) modeling after some of http://mightytext.net/

2) for mockup

Points of separation .. new vs dinosoar and competition

1) Technology .. drone icon
2) Real time communication .. wifi type icon
3) Closed loop .. finishing work of need .. confirming done .. circle with arrow closing loop icon
4) Increase visibility, asset management .. 

Menu

WHY WE'RE UNIQUE
Technology
Real Time Communication
Closed Loop
Asset Management
History
Certifications

OUR CLIENTS

CALL US

CLIENT PORTAL LOGIN

Our mobile app allows admins, clients and technicians to be in constant communication






-
feb 5 2015

H in logo .. service asset management blah 

No product link bcs on home page

Video window in drone vision

Longer text (accordian) and with caption text


Projects .. roof replacement projects, current and historical .. gallery incl video

MENU .. Home Projects why different

Service disparch button on site to go to crm (part of why different page, not called 'about us') .. rename service dispatch to 'work order' .. as important as logo/branded

Budget matrix stuff (client facing tool) .. refer to budget matrix ppt .. CALL IT SOMETHING ELSE AND COOL LOGO ..something cool or just 'property summary' (work order, replace product, properry summary, drone vision, property docs, sections of roof details) > these are functionalities at the property level

Everything derived from aerial

Revoluion product .. etc 4 H, brand tbose .. home page, incorp work order button

Logo .. steel plate background in there

Home page .. ease of use .. login for client portal/lofin (interstitial popup)

Fiverr .. videos, may have them do a commercial .. whiteboard commercial or narrated (explainer video) .. breaking news .. on home page use my illustrations for explainer video or whiteboard .. rolling out new brand

Qualification in menu

Home why unique project qualification contact (admin office and operational office) .. move client login up for more room

Sign up sheet asap to sell .. refer to docs .. will have Rapid, Responsible and Drone (PRINT PROJECT) .. get info via ppt .. maybe research other looks

Website and signup sheet to be able sell stuff SOON

GODADDY .. get ftp rohit .. change nameservers from old to godaddy .. call godaddy .. get login info first

Refer to agenda in email .. didnt discuss client portal ui yet





